- At last,
our second term has begun.
c0000001
During summer break Mai
was completely booked up
c0000002
with her work.
c0000003
And her agency forbids us
from going on dates.
c0000004
Which means we barely saw
each other.
c0000005
- Don't worry.
Once the second term starts,
c0000006
we'll see each other
at school all the time.
c0000007
- And those lonely days
have finally come to an end...
c0000008
Is what I thought.
c0000009
There's not a single Mai
to be seen.
c0000010
It doesn't look like she came
to school at all today.
c0000011
Come on, Mai.
c0000012
[gasps]
Mai!
c0000013
- Hmm?
c0000014
Who the hell are you?
c0000015
- Huh?
- Come on, answer me.
c0000016
Who are you?
c0000017
- Well, Mai, as you know,
I am the one you have a pure,
c0000018
innocent relationship with--
Sakuta Azusagawa.
c0000019
- [stammering]
Huh?
c0000020
There's no way some guy
with dead-looking eyes like you
c0000021
is my sister's boyfriend.
c0000022
- Sister?
c0000023
Then who exactly are you?
c0000024
- That would be Nodoka Toyohama.
c0000025
- [gasps]
- And at least for now,
c0000026
I'm Mai Sakurajima.
c0000027
- [groans]
I--It really is you.
c0000028
- You know
from being stepped on?
c0000029
What kind of weird pervert
are you?
c0000030
- So what's going on, now?
c0000031
- It's a dream, clearly.
c0000032
- Except it isn't.
c0000033
When I woke up I had somehow
swapped bodies with her.
c0000034
- Is it possible that
it could be--
c0000035
- It's more than likely
puberty syndrome, yes.
c0000036
- [exhales sharply]
c0000037
This again?
c0000038
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000039
[The Peggies' "Kimi no sei"]
c0000040
♪ ♪
c0000041
c0000042
♪ ♪
c0000043
[vacuum humming]
c0000044
- Uh, Mai,
how much is the rent here?
c0000045
- I don't pay rent.
c0000046
I bought the place.
c0000047
It's your first time
at your girlfriend's home
c0000048
and that's your reaction?
c0000049
You should be happier.
c0000050
- Maybe if the situation
wasn't what it is.
c0000051
- If it isn't a dream,
what are you saying it is?
c0000052
This can't be real!
There's no way!
c0000053
- You need to get over it
and accept this reality, Nodoka.
c0000054
- Nodoka Toyohama.
Wasn't she--
c0000055
- Doka, tell us something
you like.
c0000056
- Sure. I like Mai Sakurajima,
the actress.
c0000057
- From some idol group called
Sweet Palette or--
c0000058
- Not Palette.
It's Bullet with a B.
c0000059
Sweet Bullet!
c0000060
- Anyway, how are
you two related, again?
c0000061
- I told you before I have
a little sister.
c0000062
My dad got remarried when I
was young and they had her.
c0000063
She's technically
my half sister.
c0000064
- But if she lives with them
then why is she here?
c0000065
- Well, she showed up
at my doorstep out
c0000066
of the blue last night.
c0000067
She didn't wanna go home
so I let her sleep over,
c0000068
and when we woke up this morning
our bodies had been swapped.
c0000069
- What is up with that?
c0000070
Toyohama, do you have
any idea why?
c0000071
- Huh? Any idea why?
c0000072
- Any clues as to why you ended
up swapping bodies with my Mai.
c0000073
- Who's, "My Mai?"
- Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
c0000074
- I don't know anything!
c0000075
Like, I don't get it.
c0000076
How are you both staying
so ca--
c0000077
how could you both stay calm?
c0000078
Talking minds transferring
between physical bodies,
c0000079
it's absolutely
positively bizarre!
c0000080
- You're right.
c0000081
- Is that all you have to say?
c0000082
Big si--Mai, are you fine
with this?
c0000083
This is insane!
- Whether I'm okay
c0000084
with it or not,
we have to live with it.
c0000085
It's already happened.
c0000086
Anyways, until we're back
to normal,
c0000087
I'll be living your life as you.
c0000088
So Nodoka, I need you
to live my life as me.
c0000089
Thankfully this is all
I have lined up for work.
c0000090
A fashion magazine shoot,
a few interviews,
c0000091
and a commercial filming.
c0000092
- That's surprisingly
little work for you.
c0000093
- I cut back this term so
c0000094
a certain someone
wouldn't feel so lonely.
c0000095
- But if the ban on dating's
still in effect,
c0000096
there's no real point.
c0000097
- Nodoka, you've got
a full schedule.
c0000098
- But it's not real work.
c0000099
Most of these are just singing
and dance lessons.
c0000100
Sweet Bullet has a solo gig at
the end of the month
c0000101
we're preparing for.
c0000102
- Hopefully we can
switch back before that.
c0000103
I don't have experience
with idol stuff so learning
c0000104
the routines might be tough.
c0000105
And what about you?
- Right.
c0000106
I've done photo shoots
and interviews before
c0000107
but I don't know about
the commercial.
c0000108
- The director for this
always sticks to the script
c0000109
so you'll be fine as long
as you prepare.
c0000110
Oh, Sakuta, you can leave now.
c0000111
- Huh? No way!
c0000112
What's gonna happen
to my romantic
c0000113
high school days with you?
c0000114
- Let's meet up at 7:50
tomorrow morning, okay?
c0000115
I'd like you to take Nodoka
to school for me.
c0000116
- [groans]
c0000117
[groaning]
c0000118
[gasps]
[cat grunts]
c0000119
- [gasps]
Oh, no!
c0000120
Nasuno and Hayate
were one step ahead!
c0000121
It's supposed to be
the little sister's duty
c0000122
to wake up big brother.
c0000123
- Morning, Kaede.
c0000124
- Kaede wants to turn into
a cat, too.
c0000125
- And if my sister were
to somehow swap bodies
c0000126
with a cat...
c0000127
That would be
even more confusing.
c0000128
- Hmm?
c0000129
- Um, I
should have asked
this earlier,
c0000130
but won't it be impossible
for me to pretend that I'm Mai?
c0000131
Anyone she's close with is gonna
be able to tell right away
c0000132
something's off.
- Oh, don't worry.
c0000133
Mai doesn't have friends
so you're fine.
c0000134
- Huh?
- Oh, yeah?
c0000135
Don't act like you're not in
the same boat.
c0000136
- Hey, hold on a minute.
I have friends.
c0000137
A whole three.
c0000138
- Anyway, you get the idea.
c0000139
Pretending to be me while
at school's gonna be
c0000140
a piece of cake.
- [gasps]
c0000141
- Sit quietly during classes
and go home right after.
c0000142
There's no real reason
to talk to anyone.
c0000143
- O--okay.
c0000144
So, uh, it's the same for me.
- Huh?
c0000145
- Last year when my debut
was set I lost any free time
c0000146
I had to hang out
with my friends from school.
c0000147
- The story of two
friendless sisters.
c0000148
You're going to make me cry.
c0000149
- Well, then, I'm gonna head off
to Nodoka's school from here.
c0000150
- It's some rich girls' school
over in Yokohama, right?
c0000151
- So I think I have an idea
why this happened with Nodoka.
c0000152
But do you think you could
poke her about it?
c0000153
I'm pretty sure
it's because of me.
c0000154
- It must be rough having
a big sister
c0000155
that everyone in
the country knows about.
c0000156
- There's that but also
the rivalry between our mothers.
c0000157
- Hmm?
c0000158
- Have I never mentioned
this before?
c0000159
It all started with my mother
who in order to spite my father
c0000160
and his new wife--
c0000161
in other words,
Nodoka's mother--
c0000162
made me join
a theatrical company.
c0000163
- I had no idea.
c0000164
- And when she found out,
c0000165
Nodoka's mother forced
her own daughter into
c0000166
a theatrical company as well.
c0000167
- Well, that shines
some light on it.
c0000168
So the daughters are their pawns
to fight their war by proxy.
c0000169
- What were you talking about
just now?
c0000170
- You wanna know?
- You suck.
c0000171
- Now that I think about it,
c0000172
is it all right for Mai
to go to your school like that?
c0000173
- Huh?
c0000174
She's the idol Nodoka Toyohama.
c0000175
I'm asking if that won't cause
a big scene on
c0000176
the train or something.
c0000177
- Are you mocking me?
c0000178
- No, I'm genuinely concerned.
c0000179
- It's totally fine.
c0000180
You call me an idol but it's not
like we're that popular.
c0000181
Nobody knows anything about me.
Like, at all.
c0000182
[train breaks hissing]
c0000183
[cicadas chirping]
c0000184
- You're class 3-1, okay?
- Yeah, I know.
c0000185
My seat is the second one
from the back next
c0000186
to the windows.
c0000187
And I don't need to do anything
c0000188
besides listen quietly, right?
c0000189
- You sure seem
to have this role down.
c0000190
Speech pattern
and facial expressions
c0000191
are spot on.
c0000192
- When I was a kid I'd
copy her all the time.
c0000193
I always looked up to her.
c0000194
I was proud to be her sister.
c0000195
- Setting aside
an objective observation
c0000196
of what's currently going on,
c0000197
or the particular case
you're dealing with,
c0000198
don't you already have
the pieces you need to solve it?
c0000199
- What do you mean?
c0000200
- Puberty syndrome seems
to have certain
c0000201
parameters to it.
c0000202
For example, it seems
to be caused by
c0000203
a subject's unstable mental
state.
c0000204
- Yeah, safe to assume.
c0000205
- If I can get a pretty good
idea where the issue stems from
c0000206
just by listening to some of
the circumstances,
c0000207
it goes without saying
that you must know, too.
c0000208
- I'd say
an inferiority complex about
c0000209
a very talented big sister.
c0000210
But still, how exactly
are you supposed
c0000211
to get over that?
c0000212
- What if she became
a national sensation herself?
c0000213
[waves lapping]
c0000214
- Girls taking off their tights
is kind of erotic.
c0000215
- D--don't look, stupid!
c0000216
[laughing]
This is great!
c0000217
What the heck?
c0000218
This beach is the best!
- [grunts]
c0000219
- [laughing]
c0000220
- Yeah, it is indeed the best.
c0000221
- Whoo!
c0000222
Why do you keep staring
at my legs?
c0000223
- They're awesome.
c0000224
- Don't you dare objectify
my big sister's body!
c0000225
- I wish they'd sandwich me.
c0000226
- [groans]
c0000227
- Let me make it clear.
I mean my face.
c0000228
- The fact you think saying
that would somehow make
c0000229
it better is wild.
Why don't you die?
c0000230
- If it were Mai,
c0000231
she'd say something along
the lines of,
c0000232
"Sandwiching a younger boy's
head with my legs is nothing."
c0000233
She wouldn't be bothered at all.
- [exhales sharply]
c0000234
I'm confused.
c0000235
Like, what does my sister see
in this guy?
c0000236
- I got a question.
c0000237
Why is it you never refer
to Mai as your sister
c0000238
when she's around?
- [gasps]
c0000239
- You don't usually speak
to her like family would.
c0000240
It seems overly polite.
- Well, of course!
c0000241
In the industry, she's above me.
It's respect.
c0000242
- Is that all?
c0000243
- Yes.
c0000244
- So when you ran away
from home,
c0000245
what would make you choose
to go to Mai's place?
c0000246
If it were me it would
make sense to go to someone I
c0000247
was closer with.
c0000248
- I'm obviously not like you.
c0000249
- [exhales]
c0000250
Don't you have something
that's weighing on your mind
c0000251
to tell Mai?
- [gasps]
c0000252
- For instance,
maybe something like,
c0000253
"I hate you, big sister?"
- [gasps]
c0000254
- No!
c0000255
I don't.
c0000256
- Okay, what's wrong with that?
c0000257
The fact you ran away from home
probably means you're fighting
c0000258
with your parents.
c0000259
And if Mai was the reason
for that fight,
c0000260
it's only natural you'd start
to blame her.
c0000261
- [gasps]
What is your deal?
c0000262
What the hell's wrong with you?
c0000263
I haven't even said
anything yet.
c0000264
- You don't need to tell me
anything for me to get the gist.
c0000265
So Mai probably
has a general idea, too.
c0000266
- No way.
c0000267
- Well, when you get home,
c0000268
you should really have
a proper talk with her.
c0000269
See ya.
- Hold on!
c0000270
- Yeah, what's up?
c0000271
- Can I stay at your place
for now?
c0000272
After this I can't go back
to my sister's.
c0000273
- And how exactly would
you explain that to her?
c0000274
- You could come up
with something, right?
c0000275
- What's going on?
c0000276
- Toyohama would like
to come sleep over at my place.
c0000277
- And what's the reason?
c0000278
- Well, let me think.
c0000279
- Hold on.
I'll say it myself.
c0000280
[grunts]
c0000281
All this time,
ever since we were both little,
c0000282
I've always been compared
to you.
c0000283
Every audition I went to,
they'd end up choosing you.
c0000284
And every time that happened,
Mom would get upset with me.
c0000285
She's say, "Come on, Nodoka,
c0000286
why can't you just do
it like Mai?"
c0000287
During the time you were on
your hiatus from show biz,
c0000288
I was able to debut
with Sweet Bullet
c0000289
and thought I finally caught
a break.
c0000290
Mom got a little bit nicer
and even complimented me.
c0000291
But then you had to get involved
in the industry again!
c0000292
A juicy role in a drama.
A ton of commercials!
c0000293
I look at magazine covers
and I see you everywhere!
c0000294
Why do you wanna make things
so hard for me?
c0000295
Things that took me years
to accomplish,
c0000296
you do without even trying!
c0000297
And everyone's eyes
are always locked on you!
c0000298
I've worked so hard!
Don't make my efforts a waste!
c0000299
I hate you!
c0000300
I really,
really hate you, big sis!
c0000301
- Yeah? Well, that's good.
- Huh?
c0000302
- I hated you this entire time,
too, Nodoka.
c0000303
But it's pretty much all thanks
c0000304
to that insensitive father
of ours.
c0000305
Not only was he the one who left
but he was also the one
c0000306
that brought you and I together
after creating a giant mess.
c0000307
So it isn't your fault exactly.
c0000308
But you need to know that I
was hurt, too.
c0000309
- You can still change your mind
if you want to.
c0000310
Are you sure you're okay
with staying at my place?
c0000311
- Well, I certainly can't have
Nodoka staying with you
c0000312
at your apartment, you know?
c0000313
- Yeah, you have a point there,
but...
c0000314
- Yay, welcome home,
big bro--
c0000315
[gasping]
c0000316
It seems my big brother
has gone completely rogue.
c0000317
- No, I have not.
c0000318
- I can't believe big brother
has turned into a gigolo.
c0000319
- Why is that where
your mind goes?
c0000320
Come on.
c0000321
- Well, 'cause you brought yet
c0000322
another new girl home with you.
c0000323
- She happens to be Mai's
little sister,
c0000324
and she's going to be staying
with us for a little while.
c0000325
- Nice to meet you!
c0000326
I'm Nodoka Toyohama.
[laughs]
c0000327
[crickets chirping]
c0000328
- [exhales]
c0000329
In the future if Mai and I were
to get married then...
c0000330
Nodoka Toyohama would be
my little sister.
c0000331
I mean, sister-in-law?
No, wait.
c0000332
They're half-sisters so maybe
half-sister-in-law?
c0000333
I'm lost.
c0000334
What would be the right way
to address her?
c0000335
- You sure took your sweet time
in there.
c0000336
Were you thinking about me
or something?
c0000337
- Well obviously.
c0000338
I'm always thinking about you,
Mai.
c0000339
- Yeah, yeah.
c0000340
- To be honest, I
was actually pretending
c0000341
to be a submarine.
c0000342
- [grunts]
- Hold on.
c0000343
Have you never played that game?
c0000344
- Your scars.
They're still there.
c0000345
- You wanna touch 'em?
- Why would I?
c0000346
- Because it would make me happy
if you did.
c0000347
- Stop being weird
and go put some clothes on.
c0000348
It would be a problem
if your naked body got burned
c0000349
into Nodoka's memory.
c0000350
- She's not a little kid,
you know.
c0000351
- No, she totally is.
c0000352
- And who was it who just
got into a giant argument
c0000353
with that little kid?
c0000354
- Well, that's--
c0000355
- I think it's best to be honest
through this situation.
c0000356
- I don't wanna hear
sound logic.
c0000357
- [grunts]
c0000358
[melancholic music]
c0000359
♪ ♪
c0000360
c0000361
- Have you been a good kitty,
Hayate?
c0000362
[cat grumbles]
[giggles]
c0000363
- Hey, Makinohara.
c0000364
You don't have a big sister,
right?
c0000365
- Right.
I'm an only child.
c0000366
But sometimes I wish I had
a sibling.
c0000367
A wonderful big sis
would be nice.
c0000368
- Kaede would also be happy
to have a wonderful big sister.
c0000369
But only older than big brother,
though.
c0000370
[cat meows]
c0000371
Kaede must remain
the only
c0000372
little sister to him.
c0000373
- [chuckles nervously]
c0000374
[camera shutter clicking]
c0000375
You're working on
that commercial
c0000376
tomorrow morning, right?
c0000377
- What do you think
about smiling like this?
c0000378
- Wouldn't it be better
to get Mai's opinion
c0000379
on stuff like that?
c0000380
- We're not talking
about her right now.
c0000381
- You do you but it's too much
for an amateur like me.
c0000382
- Then I won't ask again.
c0000383
- Ah, good morning, Sakuta.
c0000384
- Oh, hey.
Is that Mai?
c0000385
- No, you can't have this.
c0000386
I haven't finished reading
it yet!
c0000387
I've got studying to do.
- Okay.
c0000388
I'll just go and look at
the real deal.
c0000389
- Sakuta.
- Hmm?
c0000390
- What you just said
really gave me the ick.
c0000391
[doorbell chiming]
- Hi, welcome.
c0000392
[stammers]
c0000393
Mai.
c0000394
What's wrong?
c0000395
- I have my singing
practice soon
c0000396
so I thought I should
eat something first
c0000397
because I'll get hungry.
c0000398
[cell phone vibrates]
[gasps]
c0000399
- Is that Toyohama's smartphone?
c0000400
- Yeah, it's another text
from Nodoka's mother.
c0000401
I've gotten about 50 more
of them since this morning.
c0000402
[exhales sharply]
c0000403
One of these, please.
c0000404
- Spaghetti with a tomato sauce,
right?
c0000405
She's been preparing
for the commercial shoot
c0000406
to the point of rehearsing what
facial expressions to make.
c0000407
- What's this so suddenly?
c0000408
- I thought hearing about that
might have been the real reason
c0000409
you came by.
- It was because I wanted
c0000410
to see my boyfriend's face,
actually.
c0000411
- That makes me so happy.
c0000412
- Show me some
genuine happiness.
c0000413
- If you have any advice,
I'll pass it onto her.
c0000414
- Did Nodoka say
she wanted some?
c0000415
- No.
- Then I've got nothing.
c0000416
- So she was on your mind
after all.
c0000417
- She'll be fine.
c0000418
If she remembers
what she learned
c0000419
from her theater training,
c0000420
there won't be any issues.
c0000421
[birds chirping]
c0000422
[indistinct chatter]
c0000423
- [yawns]
c0000424
They really start early in
the morning. I'm exhausted.
c0000425
- Miss Mai Sakurajima
is on set.
c0000426
[all speaking at once]
c0000427
- Thank you all
for your hard work.
c0000428
- [gasps]
c0000429
- Let's get the camera
test started.
c0000430
Before the train comes in.
c0000431
- All right, rolling.
c0000432
And...
c0000433
Action!
c0000434
- [gasps]
- Okay, cut!
c0000435
[indistinct chatter]
c0000436
- [groans]
c0000437
- After a train passes,
we'll start the actual filming.
c0000438
[train brakes hissing]
c0000439
- [whimpering]
c0000440
[breathing heavily]
c0000441
[labored breathing]
c0000442
- Is she okay?
She seems off.
c0000443
- All right, starting takes.
- Take one!
c0000444
c0000445
- [labored breathing]
c0000446
- [gasps]
all: Huh?
c0000447
- [panicked breathing]
c0000448
- [gasps]
c0000449
- Stop the cameras!
- Mai? Mai?
c0000450
Stay calm.
Just take slow, deep breaths.
c0000451
[indistinct chatter]
c0000452
[cicadas chirping]
c0000453
- Sakuta.
c0000454
- You're doing another
morning run?
c0000455
- I'm getting my stamina up
for the concert.
c0000456
So, how did the filming go?
c0000457
- Please observe
the depressed look on my face.
c0000458
- I can tell that
it didn't go perfect,
c0000459
but they must have finished
it after a few retakes, right?
c0000460
- No, she didn't even make
it that far.
c0000461
She got dizzy before
the first take
c0000462
and she collapsed.
- Huh?
c0000463
- They canceled the shoot before
it started.
c0000464
The staff was saying that she
probably just hyperventilated.
c0000465
- But why would that--
- When it came down to it,
c0000466
it was too much--
c0000467
the crushing weight of the trust
and expectations people have
c0000468
for Mai Sakurajima.
- [groans]
c0000469
- You don't get it?
c0000470
All of your accomplishments
have felt like pressure on her
c0000471
this whole time.
I'm sure of it.
c0000472
[school bell ringing]
c0000473
- Well, someone's in a bad mood.
c0000474
Is something wrong?
c0000475
- I'm fine.
c0000476
I was just thinking about
how I might feel if I had
c0000477
an awesome big sister that
was amazing at everything.
c0000478
- Okay, why?
c0000479
- I've never had any experience
being compared
c0000480
to a big sister, so--
c0000481
- Then how about asking someone
who has a big sister like that?
c0000482
- Huh?
c0000483
- [groans]
c0000484
- [chuckles]
c0000485
[grunts]
c0000486
[groans]
c0000487
[scoffs]
c0000488
What is it?
c0000489
- Sakuta here has a question
c0000490
to ask you.
c0000491
- Do you have an older sister,
Kamisato?
c0000492
- I do, yes. Wait.
c0000493
But how do you not know
about her?
c0000494
- And remind me again why
I'm supposed to know about all
c0000495
of your family affairs?
- You aren't.
c0000496
But she went here
till last year.
c0000497
She was student
council president.
c0000498
You've seen her.
- Doesn't ring a bell.
c0000499
- Can I go now?
- Just a little more, please.
c0000500
- Your sister was brilliant,
then.
c0000501
- She got into the best
national university in Japan
c0000502
her first year trying.
c0000503
- And would you say you like
your big sister?
c0000504
- Not really.
c0000505
- Then, do you hate her?
c0000506
- Not really.
c0000507
- I see.
I get it now.
c0000508
- Get what?
What are you going on about now?
c0000509
- It's not like or hate.
c0000510
This kind of relationship's
c0000511
way more complex
than I imagined.
c0000512
- It's not like I actually
hate her.
c0000513
But it's also annoying when
my mom is constantly telling me
c0000514
to follow my sister's example
and study more.
c0000515
[birds chirping]
c0000516
- [exhales]
c0000517
[gasps]
c0000518
Mai, hey.
c0000519
Here. Take this.
c0000520
It's to my place.
c0000521
- You're giving me a spare key?
c0000522
- I wouldn't give something
that important away so easily!
c0000523
Don't be gross!
- That hurts!
c0000524
- I'm only lending it to you.
c0000525
I'm really counting on you.
c0000526
- If you're still worried,
c0000527
you really should just go
c0000528
and talk to her yourself,
though.
c0000529
- I have zero idea what
I'd even say to her.
c0000530
- You can start with that.
c0000531
Just be honest with her.
c0000532
- Don't want to.
c0000533
- Yeah, guess you still have
to save face being
c0000534
the big sister and all, right?
c0000535
Well, I'll head over now,
then.
c0000536
- Hold on.
- What is it?
c0000537
- Never open the cabinets in
the Japanese-style room.
c0000538
- Never, no matter what?
c0000539
No matter what. Huh.
c0000540
[chiming]
c0000541
- Yes?
- It's Azusagawa.
c0000542
- What?
c0000543
- Can I come up?
c0000544
Of course if you say no
then I'll just use
c0000545
the spare key I got from Mai.
c0000546
- So, uh, did my sister
say anything to you?
c0000547
- Not much.
c0000548
She wasn't too concerned about
the gig.
c0000549
I mean, she assumed you would
end up having quite
c0000550
a few outtakes.
c0000551
But still she had no doubt
you'd be able to get
c0000552
a passing grade
from that director.
c0000553
- You mean it?
c0000554
- Hey, you know,
c0000555
wouldn't it be best
if you just smiled like that?
c0000556
- Huh?
- For the commercial shoot.
c0000557
When you were practicing
you were forcing yourself
c0000558
to smile like Mai would.
c0000559
But honestly,
it wasn't believable.
c0000560
- [grunts]
c0000561
- Well, anyway...
c0000562
This is a crime scene.
c0000563
This can't be
the real reason she gave me
c0000564
the spare key, right?
c0000565
[grunts]
Have you had anything to eat?
c0000566
- Not since this morning, no.
c0000567
- Then I'll make you something.
c0000568
So you can go freshen up with
a bath first.
c0000569
- Don't you dare peek.
c0000570
- Does that mean you're asking
me to?
c0000571
- Of course not, weirdo! Die!
c0000572
[exhales]
c0000573
- [exhales]
c0000574
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000575
["Fukashigi no Carte" plays]
c0000576
♪ ♪
c0000577
c0000578
all: Oh, Sakuta.
You're such a rascal.